Now it's a huge book seeing seamless be before we just to go with the exploration of true justice.
Now we saw the x train Annex just variable's NY train and light just a swirl.
It is now time to work with a machine learning technique called Vandam for us.
We will just import that.
That's what the program for us in the psychic library.
We just need to indicate by ometer that's the number of arrests made.
That's in no way.
How complex will our force be with just put one hundred see how dispar forms in case we need to change
it.
We'll do that later on.
We will also call that fit Meffert.
Remember feet is always for training.
We will use the x train on the white train by airballs.
We need to transform white a white train into body input and we will just wait until this finishes training.
This can take a while.
We will also define white breads buyable.
We just used to run them for us.
We're trying to put it on desks Bible
took a while but we just fast forward it.
The video was showtime.
So now we can put where we also take collate the score for DS.
The accuracy.
That's what we're using for score.
We'll need that X Y test buyable for that.
Well we see.
That's pretty crazy.
You want oh we will copy the Confucian my code from the log book and you'll see it on this one.
Remember this gold will also parks some libraries that will need
no movie.
It's our confusion matrix.
Well I did find a product for that.
The output from the product Meffert on the X test input
so we need to use that with white test as well.
Now that would cover it.
We can plot it calling their plot Confucian matrix funk function as before and after that we need to
just show the Confucian matrix.
So we see the low amount of confuse items but still we can improve
we will do the same thing.
But instead of with the test data set with the entire data set we calculate a new prediction using the
same fandom for that.
I'm also late and your confusion matrix.
We will also plot
how we help only 44 for out on suctions mislabel and only seeks to launch on such as mislabel the entire
set.